Hey it's Bruno here.
This is fan tactic.
I can't believe how many tests your rodent.
Oh man I'm looking forward to not having as many bugs in our app really thankful for your work and you
know I hope you understand that I really value your contribution to our team.
Keiko Corp. thanks you all right.
We finished a pretty tough section.
I think testing is one of those things that can really stump people and can really frustrate you as
well but we're no longer junior developers here when it comes to testing.
We understand their purposes and their limitations we learned that there are three main types of tests
which our unit tests integration tests automation tests and that out of all these three unit tests are
the easiest to write and also the cheapest for companies to use as a tool for us to minimize bugs.
And you usually want to run unit tests with integration tests completely separate in a separate process
from something like automation test a topic that can get pretty complicated.
But luckily for us there's a ton of libraries that we can use.
We also learned all the tools that are available in the ecosystem for us to test at the end of the day
though they're all very similar and they all try to accomplish the same thing.
Simply test our code assert some statements run these tests maybe spy on some functions and then see
the output make sure they're pass and make sure that we have a good code coverage but we also learned
that having a perfect code coverage isn't necessarily what you want to do.
You never want to just strive for a 100 percent code coverage because at the end of the day those are
just numbers.
Everything depends on your application and what your goals are so be careful with code coverage.
It's really easy to get stuck in a hole where you're just writing tests that aren't good but you're
just trying to get that 100 percent focused on the quality of the test vs. the quantity we learn how
tests can be run in different environments.
And we also learn that react has enzyme and snapshot testing to really help us out with component rendering
they all made writing tests a lot simpler.
Finally we have a better idea of the testing environment.
Tests are simply a way for us to use in development to make sure that our code as it grows is maintainable
and produces less bugs.
As more people join the team and more people touch the code and the code lines increase using all the
tools that we have at our disposal we're able to be smart about the tests that we write we're focusing
on what is important to test what are the key features of our apps that we want to make sure we test
properly and we want to make sure that these tests are not complicated.
They're very nice and readable so if anybody comes onto the team they understand what the tests do.
Remember if a test becomes complicated perhaps there's something in your actual code that could be fixed.
Don't think of test as something that you do after you finish all your code.
Some people actually enjoy doing them before you write your real code so that it gives you ideas of
how to structure your code in a nice clean fashion.
So think about this.
Make tests that are of good quality not just quantity and write your code so that they're in nice simple
testable units.
Good job getting this far.
I'll see you in the next section.
Bye bye.